Mephiba . . .
Mephibo . . .
Ugh, I can’t do this!
How’s your talk coming?
Terrible!
Maybe someone else could do this.
Hmm.
Do you remember
what Jehovah’s name means?
He causes to become?
Yes!
He can become anything he needs
to get great things done.
And he can also help others
to become
what he wants them to be.
Think about it!
Jehovah is the Creator.
Think of all the animals he’s made.
Huh?
Whoa!
Wow!
That’s a big whale!
Huh?
He created our universe.
Look at all the planets he made.
Whoa!
He makes sure everything
has what it needs to grow.
Ahh!
Jehovah can make us powerful too.
Look at Moses.
He took a shy man
and used him to split the Red Sea.
If He can do all of that,
do you think He can help you
pronounce hard names
and get prepared for your talk?
Yeah!
But, of course,
to receive His help,
you have to ask Him for it.
“His name was Mephibosheth.
“The sons of Rimmon the Beerothite,
Rechab and Baanah, . . .”